feat!: add policy restricting usage of istio user/group 1337 (#1730)
defenseunicorns/uds-core: docs/reference/configuration/pepr-policies.md

|[Restrict Seccomp](https://repo1.dso.mil/big-bang/product/packages/kyverno-policies/-/blob/main/chart/templates/restrict-seccomp.yaml) | [`RestrictSeccomp`](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-core/blob/v0.27.0/src/pepr/policies/security.ts#L200-L242) | Implemented: ✅ <br> Subject: **Pod** <br> Severity: **high** <br><br> The SecComp profile should not be explicitly set to Unconfined. This policy, requiring Kubernetes v1.19 or later, ensures that the `seccompProfile.Type` is undefined or restricted to the values in the allowed list. By default, this is `RuntimeDefault` or `Localhost`. |
|[Restrict SELinux Type](https://repo1.dso.mil/big-bang/product/packages/kyverno-policies/-/blob/main/chart/templates/restrict-selinux-type.yaml) | [`RestrictSELinuxType`](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-core/blob/v0.27.0/src/pepr/policies/security.ts#L287-L327) | Implemented: ✅ <br> Subject: **Pod** <br> Severity: **high** <br><br> SELinux options can be used to escalate privileges. This policy ensures that the `seLinuxOptions` type field is undefined or restricted to the allowed list. |

> |[Restrict Istio User](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-core/blob/main/src/pepr/policies/security.ts) | [`RestrictIstioUser`](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-core/blob/main/src/pepr/policies/security.ts) | Implemented: ✅ <br> Subject: **Pod** <br> Severity: **high** <br><br> The Istio proxy user/group (1337) should only be used by trusted Istio components. This policy enforces that only ztunnel pods, Istio waypoint pods, or any container named 'istio-proxy' can run as UID/GID 1337. This prevents unauthorized pods from running with elevated privileges that could be used to bypass security controls. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Restrict Istio User](https://istio.io/latest/docs/ops/deployment/application-requirements/#pod-requirements) | [`RestrictIstioUser`](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-core/blob/main/src/pepr/policies/security.ts) | Implemented: ✅ <br> Subject: **Pod** <br> Severity: **high** <br><br> The Istio proxy user/group (1337) should only be used by trusted Istio components. This policy enforces that only ztunnel pods, Istio waypoint pods, or Istio proxies (sidecars) can run as UID/GID 1337. This prevents unauthorized pods from running with elevated privileges that could be used to bypass security controls. |
```

The first link ideally should be an upstream link. I'm not sure if there's a better writeup somewhere on the "why" in terms of security impact but the suggested istio link at least notes that applications shouldn't run as 1337 and it is reserved for the sidecar 🤷
